This web application allows me to host my text files as a blog on a website.  

0)  I can log into it.

0.5)  Settings are:

::User
  User Name
  Password
  Homepage Url
  Default Github Credentials

Methods:
  Create New Scrolls
  
#  r g scaffold User first_name:string last_name:string email:string password:string homepage:string default_git_user:string default_git_authentication:string

::Scrolls
  #attr_accessible
  github repo
  Specific Github Credentials
  scroll_status  # :released, :unreviewed, :work_in_progress, :back_burner
  automatic_status  # these status levels are generated automatically
    :disrepair   # The tut used to work, but no longer applies to the latest technology
    :back_burner # The work is no longer in usable condition and hasn't been touched by auther lately
    :depricated  # There is a more authoritative work available online which is kept up to date.  
  
  #public
  make_scroll_private
  make_scroll_public
  delete_scroll # doesn't touch git repo
  
  #private
  is_github_repo_online?
  is_github_repo_up_to_date?
  pull_down_scroll_repo

  #for presentation
  present_title
  present_body

1)  It is able to check github to see if I have updated my text file.  

2)  It is able to parse my personal ascii syntax and convert it into html elements which are styled to look absolutely magnificent.  

3)  It is able to allow comments and users other than myself to host their scrolls on my site if they so choose to.  

4)  Allow the site admin to mark some scrolls as "Exceptional Content" and some scroll authors as "Exceptional Contributor" and specify what contributions earned them the title.  
  i.  Allow users to vote on exceptionality for admins that don't want to be editors.  
  ii.  Allow users to be scaled back as "Exceptional Contributor from 2010-2012 (changed audience to self/ presentation viewers)"
  
5)  Make it so others can fork your scroll and push improvements.  
